= googl-api

A very simple Ruby wrapper for the Google Url Shortener.

* service - http://goo.gl/
* api docs - http://code.google.com/apis/urlshortener/index.html

== INSTALLATION:

  gem install googl-api

== USAGE:

Create a googl client using your API key:

  googl = GooglApi.new(api_key)

Then use the client to shorten, extend or review the analytics for a URL.

  googl.shorten('http://www.google.com')
  googl.expand('http://goo.gl/fbsS')
  googl.analytics('http://goo.gl/fbsS') or googl.analytics('http://goo.gl/fbsS', 'FULL')

These methods will return a response object containing the short/long url and other values provide by the API

* TODO: fix api key usage (broken in api?)
* TODO: implement analytics object
* TODO: write tests

== ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 

Code heavily inspired/influenced by philnash's bitly gem https://github.com/philnash/bitly

== Contributing to googl-api
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 John Allen. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

